h2. Shelltoad

Console interface for Hoptoad. (http://hoptoadapp.com)

h3. Configuration

Create <pre><code>.shelltoadrc</code></pre> file in your project directory 
with the application name and access key:
<pre><code>account: myapp
key: c285743ecbc285743ecbc285743ecbc285743ecb
secure: true # https usage. Default: false.
project_id: 123456 # see errors only under specified proejct. Default: all projects.
browser: firefox # specify browsers for open errors. Default: sensible-browser or firefox or _etc_ or explorer.</code></pre> 

h3. Commands

* errors, ers - list all unresolved errors, this is the default
* error, er [number] - display information about given error. Shortcut: shelltoad [number]
* resolve, rv [number] - mark error as resolved in Hoptoad
* commit, ci [number] - do commit to vcs with the information on the specified error and mark error resolved in Hoptoad
* open, op [number] - open error page in browser

Shelltoad supports 'magicfind' in all commands: 
You don't need to type whole error id - just last three numbers is enough.
Also all error-related commands support interactive menu if number is not specified.

h3. Usage

<pre><code>$ shelltoad 
[#3374331] production ActionController::MethodNotAllowed: Only put requests are allowed. [GEM_ROOT]/gems/actionpack-2.3.8/lib/action_controller/routing/recognition_optimisation.rb:64
[#4023713] production ActiveRecord::StatementInvalid: PGError: ERROR: duplicate key value violates unique constraint "index_companies_on_slug" : INSERT INTO "companies" ("slug", "created_at", "title", "updated_at", "external_url", "logo_id", "custom") VALUES('abbott-associates /var/data/www/apps/startwire/shared/bundle/ruby/1.8/gems/activerecord-2.3.8/lib/active_record/connection_adapters/abstract_adapter.rb:221


$ shelltoad 713 # stands for 4023713
ActiveRecord::StatementInvalid: PGError: ERROR: duplicate key value violates unique constraint "index_companies_on_slug" : INSERT INTO "companies" ("slug", "created_at", "title", "updated_at", "external_url", "logo_id", "custom") VALUES('abbott-associates
/var/data/www/apps/startwire/shared/bundle/ruby/1.8/gems/activerecord-2.3.8/lib/active_record/connection_adapters/abstract_adapter.rb:221
/var/data/www/apps/startwire/shared/bundle/ruby/1.8/gems/activerecord-2.3.8/lib/active_record/transactions.rb:208
/var/data/www/apps/startwire/shared/bundle/ruby/1.8/gems/activerecord-2.3.8/lib/active_record/transactions.rb:200
/var/data/www/apps/startwire/releases/20110218113457/app/models/company.rb:50
/var/data/www/apps/startwire/releases/20110218113457/app/utils/network_map/populate.rb:9
/var/data/www/apps/startwire/releases/20110218113457/app/utils/network_map/populate.rb:74
/var/data/www/apps/startwire/releases/20110218113457/app/utils/network_map/populate.rb:70
....


# Do changes you want
$ git add .
#only git is supported right now
$ shelltoad commit 713 
[dev 47f09ec]     http://xxx.hoptoadapp.com//errors/4023713
 1 files changed, 1 insertions(+), 1 deletions(-)</code></pre>

